# Releases of Version Number Plugin

## Version 1.9

-   Release Nov 17, 2017
-   Accepted [merge-request
    \#12](https://github.com/jenkinsci/versionnumber-plugin/pull/12). ("Adding
    functionality to limit the number of characters from a variable.")
-   Fixed
    bug [JENKINS-18171](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-18171). ("Version
    Number plugin doesn't increment build numbers after an unstable
    build.")  
    -   **NOTE:** This changes the checkbox for "skipping failed builds"
        (which actually meant to not increase the version-number if the
        former run was not successful) to a combobox of values.  
        The transition works smoothly and does not change the former
        behavior. However, **you should update the configuration of each
        job that had this checkbox checked (and save it)!  
        **(This assures that later updates of this plugin will not break
        your behavior due to this change.)

 

-   **IMPORTANT: **This might be the last update for this plugin in a
    long time, because I (user: bahadir) cannot maintain it any
    longer.**  
    Please volunteer to become the new maintainer of this plugin!**

## Version 1.8.1

-   Release Oct 11, 2016
-   Fixed
    bug [JENKINS-26729](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26729). ("Endless
    loop when evaluating environment variables")

## Version 1.8

-   Release Oct 11, 2016
-   Pipeline-jobs now allow overriding values of BUILDS\_ALL\_TIME etc.
    by environment variables (or fixed values), too, similar to
    Freestyle-jobs.  
    (Use variables `overrideBuildsToday`, `overrideBuildsThisWeek`,
    `overrideBuildsThisMonth`, `overrideBuildsThisYear`,
    `overrideBuildsAllTime`.)
-   Fixed minor
    bug [JENKINS-15371](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-15371). ("Displayed
    Build version does not interpret parameters.")
-   Added minor logging.

## Version 1.7.2

-   Release Aug 22, 2016
-   Fixed a
    regression-bug. [JENKINS-36831](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-36831). ("Regression
    breakage in version number after upgrade.")

## Version 1.7.1

-   **IMPORTANT:** Lost in transaction. **Update to version 1.7.2!**

## Version 1.7

-   Release Jul 11, 2016
-   Added
    feature [JENKINS-34829](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-34829). ("Pipeline-Support
    for Version Number Plugin.")
-   Fixed some XSS-vulnerabilities.
-   Minor corrections / changes (of typos, formatting etc.).
-   Updated minimal required Jenkins versions to 1.625.3.
-   Updated minimal required Java-version to 7.
-   **IMPORTANT:** This version has a regression-bug. **Update to
    version 1.7.2!**

## Version 1.6

-   Release Oct 26, 2015
-   Support for BUILD\_WEEK and BUILDS\_THIS\_WEEK.
-   Added
    feature [JENKINS-29134](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-29134). ("Overriding
    values of BUILDS\_ALL\_TIME etc. by environment variables.")
-   Fixed issue
    [JENKINS-30224](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-30224). ("NPE
    thrown when a job uses an automatically installed JDK.")
-   Minor corrections / changes (of typos, formatting etc.).

## Version 1.4

-   Release Dec 17, 2011
-   Display name for every build can now be set to the formatted version
    number generated by this plugin.

## Version 1.3

-   Released Dec 21, 2009
-   Largely for compatibility reasons - was using rather old deprecated
    methods and wouldn't actually work with modern Hudson builds.